The whole scrum process was useful for our team. We were able to productively manage and organize our product into properly sized sprints so that we could modularly add features to our product. We found that keeping good communication between the team benefited us greatly, we were able to make rapid changes without worrying about breaking other people's work. We also found that working together as a group to work on a user story (driver/navigator) was really efficient compared to splitting up work. This is because a lot of the work was dependent on each other's work, so working together at the same time was much better than hoping everyone understands every part of the code and website. We found that having different team members look over and test each other's components before fully merging to the project was very useful. This is because we were able to find and correct possible mistakes that we made while creating the components.

Something that didn't work well for our team was that sometimes we made key decisions outside our in person meetings. The decisions would be made in a group chat that not everyone would instantly see, or be able to catch up on. This led to group members not being caught up to date on the product's implementation, nor were they able to provide input to the decisions being made. Another thing that did not work well for our team was that we would occasionally make some last minute changes without consulting the entire team. This led to conflicts of interests and additional user stories being added resulting in a lower sprint velocity.

If we had to continue working as a team, our design process would remain relatively similar to what we were originally doing. Meaning we would have our in person meetings for our important decisions to be made, multiple people working on user stories together, and having other group members look over and test code afterwards. Most importantly, an ideal process would have great communication between our team, where we fully understand and are kept in the loop of what each group member is doing towards the project.
